# Weekly Reports

## Week 1 
These words are my first in second year, honestly didn’t think I would make it this far but here we are writing about my first week back. It’s nice seeing everybody back too to be honest. It seems like we’ve all become more and more comfortable with each other, we’ve stopped being awkward and are actually talking to each other like peers should. I can tell just by the first week though that I’m going to have my work cut out for me; this year’s going to be really difficult. We haven’t had much work this week its really just been a catch up and the lecturers introducing us to each module, can tell you now though the modules look in my eyes a challenge but ultimately fun. 
## Week 2 
A UI review assignment looks fun, I’m having trouble picking a game really, I think I’ve nailed it down to The Last of Us. Thing is though this assignment isn’t just about the review itself it’s about the process of feedback, what tools am I going to use and so on. This week’s been odd in the sense that the workload has finally sunk in and I don’t know how to feel about it. 
## Week 3 
Ashamed to say I didn’t turn up to any lectures this week, I’ve been trying to fix my sleeping pattern and nothing seems to be working, but that hasn’t stopped me from doing my work. Next week is the presentation for the UI findings & I’m stuck because in the assignment brief it says to use GitHub pages and I have no idea how to do that, the objective is to host it on there but I have no idea. I’m going to email Al for help if not then I’ll look up more tutorials to see if I can get a better understanding. 
## Week 4 
This week’s been interesting because I thought I was better at giving presentations, turns out I’m not. I made the UI review so awkward for myself, I think it’s because I didn’t plan the structure of the presentation, I was mumbling, messing up my answers and it made me feel bad but nonetheless I will improve next time. I will structure the presentation and do well. 
## Week 5 
So nothings been going on this week we received the VR assignment where for our portfolio we would have to create a project with VR implementation, over the holidays I had a job and when the job payed I spent about ¾ of the earned money on the HTC Vive. I cannot stress how excited I am for this project, I told Al about my idea and he laughed he said and I quote “That’s the kind of thing you’d see be greenlit on steam” of which I don’t know if it’s an insult or a compliment, either way I’m excited. 
## Week 6 
I ran into a problem with my ethics essay this week the problem is content. See initially I thought id work on 3 games and exploring whether the medias response to them was justified or not but I had so much content on HATRED (One of the games) that I couldn’t fit the rest of the games in a 1000 word essay, it would of proven difficult. However the essay is going great and I'm really proud of this one. 
## Week 7 
I have encountered two problems with the essay, number one is that I lost the damn thing because office thought I would be a good idea to not auto save, solution; redo it. He second problem was the essay, I'm not finding any references for this thing come second year of university and im still bad at references but I still have time for this essay so while doing it I'm going to add references during the writing process. 
## Week 8 
So I finished my Ethics essay but I've started working on the collaborative project that me and dean started a couple weeks ago, the closer it gets to the end of the term the more I realised I should have utilized the free time I had, I'm having issues with the workload these days it feels like I've left everything till last minute but I know I haven't I just have encountered stalling points during the work that I overcame but the stopping points took the toll in the long run, because I'm rushing to get everything done and don’t know if I can finish it by the deadlines. 
## Week 9 
This week I had a meeting with Ed and we discussed the OpenGL work, I didn’t turn up to last weeks lecture because it was a sprint review and I had nothing, this made me feel ashamed of myself and so I didn’t turn up. This began when we got the assignment I overcomplicated the portfolio task, the original objective was to create an audio visualizer and I've pretty much messed that up because that kind of work requires an experienced programmer, it requires 3 different plugins and its OpenCL too and that’s something we haven't even touched on. I think the solution to this would be that I seek help in the future rather than balling in silence in the future. 
## Week 10 
 
 
# My Goals in the future 
With all the love I have for computing its kind of overwhelming as to what line I should go down. I think the main path I want to take is start my own business relating to computing. Probably an IT firm providing technical help. Or something down the line of PC manufacturing, my point is I don’t know what I'm doing after university, but my love for computing wont become undone. I feel as if this course will teach me everything I need to know in order to accomplish those goals and who knows maybe ill figure out what I really want to do. 
Referencing is my biggest issue right now, I need to learn to find more and more research papers and reference them properly and accordingly. Its my most important SMART objective, reason being is because referencing is starting to affect my work and its disappointing me on a academic level.
